Sid Abdullahi
CS 163
Program 5
 	I believe that the graph ADT did a pretty good job for what was asked of me to perform. Using both the  data structures of arrays and linear linked lists, I believe it was an  efficient approach of combining questions to one another. I am speculating that using a graph ADT for this program allowed for the specifications of the program guidelines to be meet and did a great job of inserting into a vertex and the adjacent list took care of any topics which were related. I feel as if this data structure is an efficient one to solve such a problem such as this program suggested.
 	I am currently not aware if  different data structure would have handled the implementation of this program any better then the graph ADT that was used here to implement the functionalities of the program . At the moment I feel as if the array implementation structure allows for fast index into the location that needs to be inserted to and this structure allows for fast access to such location. The linked list portion of the implementation does a great job of managing memory as the program requires a new insertion to be made, the linked list would be efficient in providing flexibility if more memory is needed to insert into this new location.
 	
 	What was efficient about my program is that I tried to keep the code in the main file separate from the rest of my program as I made the mistake of having the main.cpp file have more modules than it should have contained. Instead of having the work done in the cpp file, i had some of my functions in the main, which was not correct and i made the nessisary modifications to the prgram design and layout. Besides that, I cut down on the complexity and redundancy of my code from the last assignment which was a good change from my previous assignment.

 	What wasn't so efficient about my program was program is use of my recursive functions wasn't well implemented very well. I could have used it more effectively, and implemented it into more functions. There was a great amount  of improvement that I could have made with use of recursion. I believe that there is a better way to implement the recursion in this program where I wouldn't really have to make the mistakes I made with the code.. The function was extensive and  and could have had some of the code been re factored down in order to accomplish a more compact and convenient style. If I spent more time watching the videos and looking through the book a little more if time had permitted, I think I would have had a better understanding and code efficiency for this program, but due to a lack of time I did the best I could, and the program does what was instructed per the assignment requests.

 	If I had more time to work on this program, I would have allocated more time to implement the graph ADT which seems like a powerful abstraction this is why I am assuming we learned this ADT towards the end of the term. If I could go back to do the assignment with more time, I would have researched more about the graph ADT and then maybe asked for more help to implement some of my functions which required a great deal of referencing to other functions, I think that would have made my code better and would have given me a better overall understanding of this new ADT. Overall I think the program was a good start to be exposed to a new and powerful ADT such as graphs.
